README.md, before:

# RWDP1

## fCC - Responsive Web Design -> Project 1 -> Tribute Page

> __<u>Objective:</u>__ Build a CodePen.io app that is functionally similar to this: https://codepen.io/freeCodeCamp/full/zNqgVx.
<br><br>
> Fulfill the below user stories and get all of the tests to pass. Give it your own personal style.
<br><br>
> You can use HTML, JavaScript, and CSS to complete this project. <br> - Plain CSS is recommended because that is what the lessons have covered so far and you should get some practice with plain CSS. <br> - You can use Bootstrap or SASS if you choose. <br> - Additional technologies (just for example jQuery, React, Angular, or Vue) are not recommended for this project, and using them is at your own risk. <br> - Other projects will give you a chance to work with different technology stacks like React. We will accept and try to fix all issue reports that use the suggested technology stack for this project. Happy coding!
<br><br>
> * User Story #1: My tribute page should have an element with a corresponding id="main", which contains all other elements.
> * User Story #2: I should see an element with a corresponding id="title", which contains a string (i.e. text) that describes the subject of the tribute page (e.g. "Dr. Norman Borlaug").
> * User Story #3: I should see a div element with a corresponding id="img-div".
> * User Story #4: Within the img-div element, I should see an img element with a corresponding id="image".
> * User Story #5: Within the img-div element, I should see an element with a corresponding id="img-caption" that contains textual content describing the image shown in img-div.
> * User Story #6: I should see an element with a corresponding id="tribute-info", which contains textual content describing the subject of the tribute page.
> * User Story #7: I should see an a element with a corresponding id="tribute-link", which links to an outside site that contains additional information about the subject of the tribute page. <br> - <em>HINT</em>: You must give your element an attribute of target and set it to _blank in order for your link to open in a new tab <br> (i.e. target="_blank").
> * User Story #8: The img element should responsively resize, relative to the width of its parent element, without exceeding its original size.
> * User Story #9: The img element should be centered within its parent element.

Run the tests for this project in any environment with the following CDN link:
https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/testable-projects-fcc/v1/bundle.js

Commit message:

Updated README.md - Added "Note"

README.md, after:

# RWDP1

## fCC - Responsive Web Design -> Project 1 -> Tribute Page

Note: This project is my submission for the freeCodeCamp project named above.

> __<u>Objective:</u>__ Build a CodePen.io app that is functionally similar to this: https://codepen.io/freeCodeCamp/full/zNqgVx.
<br><br>
> Fulfill the below user stories and get all of the tests to pass. Give it your own personal style.
<br><br>
> You can use HTML, JavaScript, and CSS to complete this project. <br> - Plain CSS is recommended because that is what the lessons have covered so far and you should get some practice with plain CSS. <br> - You can use Bootstrap or SASS if you choose. <br> - Additional technologies (just for example jQuery, React, Angular, or Vue) are not recommended for this project, and using them is at your own risk. <br> - Other projects will give you a chance to work with different technology stacks like React. We will accept and try to fix all issue reports that use the suggested technology stack for this project. Happy coding!
<br><br>
> * User Story #1: My tribute page should have an element with a corresponding id="main", which contains all other elements.
> * User Story #2: I should see an element with a corresponding id="title", which contains a string (i.e. text) that describes the subject of the tribute page (e.g. "Dr. Norman Borlaug").
> * User Story #3: I should see a div element with a corresponding id="img-div".
> * User Story #4: Within the img-div element, I should see an img element with a corresponding id="image".
> * User Story #5: Within the img-div element, I should see an element with a corresponding id="img-caption" that contains textual content describing the image shown in img-div.
> * User Story #6: I should see an element with a corresponding id="tribute-info", which contains textual content describing the subject of the tribute page.
> * User Story #7: I should see an a element with a corresponding id="tribute-link", which links to an outside site that contains additional information about the subject of the tribute page. <br> - <em>HINT</em>: You must give your element an attribute of target and set it to _blank in order for your link to open in a new tab <br> (i.e. target="_blank").
> * User Story #8: The img element should responsively resize, relative to the width of its parent element, without exceeding its original size.
> * User Story #9: The img element should be centered within its parent element.

Run the tests for this project in any environment with the following CDN link:
https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/testable-projects-fcc/v1/bundle.js
